= My Desktop =

== Window Manger ==
* xmonad
* dwm

== Bar  ==
* xmobar

== File Mangers ==

=== LF ===

* Image Viewr 

'''
sudo apt-get install libfmt8 libopencv-core4.5d libopencv-imgcodecs4.5d libopencv-imgproc4.5d libopencv-videoio4.5d libspdlog1-fmt8 libtbb12 libvips42

'''
sudo apt install uuid-runtime

=== VM ===

To install QEMU and a graphical frontend like Virt-Manager on Pop!_OS, you can follow these steps. QEMU is a powerful virtualization software that allows you to run operating systems and virtual machines (VMs) on your host system. Virt-Manager provides a GUI interface to manage QEMU virtual machines.

### Installing QEMU and Virt-Manager on Pop!_OS

1. **Open Terminal**: You can open the terminal in Pop!_OS by pressing `Ctrl + Alt + T` or by searching for "Terminal" in the applications menu.

2. **Update Package List**: First, update the package list to ensure you get the latest versions of software available in the repositories.
   ```bash
   sudo apt update
   ```

3. **Install QEMU**: QEMU is available in the default repositories. Install it using:
   ```bash
   sudo apt install qemu qemu-kvm
   ```
   This command installs QEMU and the KVM (Kernel-based Virtual Machine) components.

4. **Install Virt-Manager**: Virt-Manager provides a graphical user interface to manage QEMU VMs.
   ```bash
   sudo apt install virt-manager
   ```

5. **Configure Libvirt (Optional)**: Libvirt is a toolkit to manage virtualization platforms. Virt-Manager uses libvirt to manage virtual machines. It's often installed automatically with `virt-manager`, but if it's not:
   ```bash
   sudo apt install libvirt-daemon-system libvirt-clients
   ```
   After installation, you may need to start and enable the `libvirtd` service:
   ```bash
   sudo systemctl start libvirtd
   sudo systemctl enable libvirtd
   ```
   This ensures that `libvirtd` starts automatically at boot.

6. **Add Your User to the Libvirt Group**: To allow your user account to manage virtual machines using Virt-Manager without using `sudo` every time:
   ```bash
   sudo usermod -aG libvirt $(whoami)
   ```
   Log out and log back in or restart your system for the group membership to take effect.

7. **Launch Virt-Manager**: You can now launch Virt-Manager from the applications menu or by running:
   ```bash
   virt-manager
   ```
   This opens the graphical interface where you can create, manage, and run virtual machines using QEMU.

### Verify Installation

Once installed, you can verify QEMU and Virt-Manager are working correctly by launching Virt-Manager and attempting to create a new virtual machine. If everything is set up correctly, you should be able to create, start, and interact with virtual machines through the graphical interface.

That's it! You now have QEMU and Virt-Manager installed on your Pop!_OS system, ready to create and manage virtual machines. Adjust any configurations or settings as needed based on your specific virtualization requirements.
